>> Brian Holt: So
this brings us to another commit point.
If you've fallen behind here there's the
commit down here that you can get on to.
It also concludes our section
on handling async UIs.
We are gonna be talking about forms next,
because everyone has to write
forms [LAUGH] I think web,
being a web developer you can just retitle
yourself as professional form creator.
So the next thing we're gonna do is
we're going to make it a little bit so
we can actually searches on this, right
now it's just searching for somewhere and
some pretefined location
that we define at bill time,
not something the user can
actually interact with.
This is not actually super user for
finding pets at the moment.
So, what we're going to do is we're going
to make a search kind of component.
So let's go do that.
>> Brian Holt: So make a new file.
Call it SearchParams.JS we're
going to import react from react.
Class search params extend
react.componant
>> Brian Holt: And
down here at the bottom,
export default SearchParams.
Okay?
Here, we're going to track location,
animal, and
breed cause those are the three search
facets that we're worried about.
So state is going to reflect that.
It's going to be location, has to,
you're going to need some
sort of default location.
So I'll just stick to Seattle, Washington.
>> Brian Holt: Animal,
for now it will just be all animals.
We'll leave that as an empty string.
And breed.
Which again, we won't have any
green necessarily set here, but
that'll get set here as well.
Okay, we'll have a render method.
And here, we will return div
className = search-params.
>> Brian Holt: Then we'll do a label here.
Label.
And if you remember I told
you that you can't use four.
Normally labels would have a for
here to assign it to some sort of,
to some input, right?
But for is a reserved JavaScript
word because of for loops, right?
So we're gonna day htmlFor here,
that's why that is.
So For="location".
>> Brian Holt: Then
here we'll put Location and
inside of that we'll also have our input.
This can be capitalized, too.
Location.
>> Brian Holt: Input.
>> Brian Holt: Id = location so
that this matches this.
That's the only reason we're
putting the Id in there.
Value = This.state.location.
And placeholder = location.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
And for now, we'll just worry about
location then we'll get to the other ones
here in just a second.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
we have a pretty simple route, right?
That you can go in there, you can type
in the location and change the location.
That's all that's gonna happen here.
So I want you to go back into App.js.
>> Brian Holt: We're
gonna make one more route here, and
this is gonna be called SearchParams.
And again, I'm gonna be using
VSCode to auto-import this.
So I'm gonna hit enter, that'll import
it at the top, which I'll show you.
Actually, I can just show you right there,
it imported up here on line 6.
>> Brian Holt: And
then the path is going to equal to,
>> Brian Holt: /search-params,
like that.
>> Brian Holt: So
I just added lines six and
line 18 that's all I changed here.
So fundamentally,
I didn't really show you anything new.
This is just getting all of the pieces so
that I can show you how
to interact with forms.
So let's go look at our
browser really quick.
>> Brian Holt: search-params.
And here I have the best form that's ever
been created, if I do say so myself.
I want you to try and type in this form.
>> Brian Holt: You broke the browser.
This is my favorite demo of doing.
Cuz people get so frustrated.
It's like, this is so easy to do,
in fact, it's very hard to break inputs.
[LAUGH] It's very difficult to
make it's impossible to type.
And yet
we have successfully done that here.